feat(lsp): add more LSP defaults (#28500)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

  • 'comments' includes "fb:•".
  • 'shortmess' includes the "C" flag.
  • 'grepprg' defaults to using ripgrep if available.
  • |crn| in Normal mode maps to |vim.lsp.buf.rename()|.

>   • |cra| in Normal mode maps to |vim.lsp.buf.code_action()|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  • |crr| in Normal and Visual mode maps to |vim.lsp.buf.code_action()|.
```
